Rough Timeline Xenodan perspective/memory

Season 5

The Hutts engineered a bomb on Illum that was being initially used as a neutral ground for the Jedi and Sith to meet at the time, before Deus ceded power to Savage.

Jedi blamed the Sith, Sith blamed the Jedi.

Xenodan investigates and finds out it was the Hutts.

By the time his investigation is completed and evidence gathered, Savage is goind crazier and invading places/eating living beings.

Savage is eating everything he can get his hands on, Sith are raiding and pillaging rampantly as they have no defined leader at the time and the Jedi are trying to defend the galaxy while the Republic
is still mad at them and have kicked them out previously. Basically everyone is too busy to help Xenodan with investigating the Hutts despite evidence.

During investigation runs into Lord Stryder who is performing much the same investigations from his end. Realize that if no one else is going to investigate and figure out whom exactly was responsible
for this latest galactic war, they were going to.

Sith fight the Republic and the Jedi, Savage eats things, Jedi fight the Sith and have to negotiate around the Republic, Savage eats more things, Republic fights the Jedi and the Sith, Savage still eating
more things.

Meanwhile over the long course of time all that takes place Xenodan and Stryder realize that basically ALL of the Hutts are responsible for this latest clusterfuck and have been the cause of several
other galactic wars for the last 10,000 years or so.

Nobody else is doing jack and shit about this, nobody has done jack and shit about this for the last 20,000 some years. We're going to do something about this.

Between Stryders Sith Alchemy, The Eclipse and Xenodans tactical acumen we begin slowly and methodically exterminating the Hutts.

Meanwhile Savage is eating more things and getting stronger.

Finally with the majority (90th percentile) of the Hutts exterminated Union Space is formed.

Xenodan leaves Stryder in charge of Union Space while he returns to Illum to forge the Null Blade. A knife made from the blasted and void crystals of Illum that nullifies force powers within about a half
mile radius.

At some point it is discovered that Savage isn't the one in charge of his mind sort of? He broke one of the cardinal rules of being a villain
"No matter how tempted I am by the prospect of unlimited power, I will not consume any energy field bigger than my own head." — Evil Overlord List, Rule #22.
Some evil malign dark side spirit high jacked Savages body and was taking it for a joyride....but the spirit wouldn't have had the mojo or inclination to do that if you know Savage hadn't gone
all force vampire in the first place - chicken or the egg sort of deal.

Savage starts eating planets and the Jedi and Republic put out an all call for help to cease fire and temporarily deal with Savage.

Izen tries to solo Savage and losses escaping with his life and leading Savage to Union Space.

Savage tries to eat his way into Union Space (Formerly Hutt Space) and is led to a dead planet rigged to blow. Xenodan canfronts him and they stalemate. Sure Savage can kill Xenodan but if Xenodan dies
planet goes boom. Savage leaves and Xenodan realizes that Savage has got to die for the galaxy to have a shot at peace.

Stryder in the Eclipse along with Jedi and Republic fighters deceimate Savages space and ground forces ((Eric and Shane handled this as the generals with coin tosses and Eric lost something like 8 out of
9 coin flips...shit was wakcy.))

Izen confronted Savage and had an opportunity to kill him on Coruscant but refused to. Savage ate Coruscant and everyone else evacuated.

Xenodan and Stryder ((With Jaimes character at the time I don't remember her characters name)) break into the Jedi temple and get the info needed to ressurect Dark Oak'dakie ((Don't remember her name
either)) since this next go around at Savage is going to bring in the Sith as his eating Coruscant stunt scared everyone right proper shitless. No fatalities were inflicted on the Jedi NPC guards just
knocked out or detained. ((Honestly this plot line if it gets forgotten about was one of Jaimes big ones and she doesn't RP as far as I know anymore so idk what people want to do there.))

Everyone vs Savage Round 2 Electric Boogaloo.

Mass fight tons of Masters and Lords square up, Xenodan sneaks up and stabs Savage repeatedly with the Null Blade, some Jedi Holocron/Sith Sorcery Hybrid thing lets Yathel assault Savages mind.

Eventually we're victorious but now Nathyra is the new Dark Lady in RP, Ok'Dakie has Dark Side force cancer and Savage got to live cause Yathels a bleeding heart dumbass.

< End Report of Season 5>

Season 6

Xenodan and Stryder discover Lex'Daela on a raid of a Hutt crime holdout. Free him. Realize hes force sensitive. Train him for a bit then take him to the Jedi temple to be trained by Izen instead.

At some point here Astorath makes Naythera and himself EXTWA QWISPY while fighting for who gets to be next Dark Lord Daddy.

Izen, Xenodan, Jinxtus and Nabi ((Marissa Nabi or Navi I can't remember)) - get togethere to cut the force cancer out of Oak with the Null Blade and temporarily sever her from the Force while she heals.

Union Space flourishes as we MOASS the Hutts ill gotten gains and redistribute the wealth into public work programs, universal health care and higher education and sector infastructure.

Stryder helms an Expansion that grows Union Space so the Hutts can't set up shop elsewhere.

Xenodan enlists Nabi to create a genophage for Hutt population control so they can't ever pull this shit again and also begins laying ground work to bring Lucien out of retirement to hunt down and 
kill Savage.

Zerold ((Will)) goes to Mortis and makes Dlorez or Nega-Zerold ((Cannot for the life of me remember evil Wills name)).

Astorath assualts Nabi and Lex at some point...for the lulz?

Lex catches Astorath and almost goes dark, Astorath escapes/Lex lets him go.

Izen and Xenodan assault Astorath back also for the lulz.

Jinxtus goes dark at some point and iirc its cause 'I'm tired of playing nice with Sith I'm just going to go enforce the Rule of Two by killing all of them'. ((I think))

Lucien comes out of retirement having sensed a disturbance in the force and that we need to correct it. ((Honestly this was a plotline engineered to kill Savage and give closure to that story line, 
let Eric make a new character - something he had expressed interest in at the time and get Michael involved back into RP so who the fuck knows where that will wind up.))

Union Space continues to prosper as since we're one of the only sectors of space untouched by all the recent war bull shit we're the only ones with an intact infastructure and economy.

<End Report Season 6>

